Added alternative to determine ad connect account (#946)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeHybrid/hybrid-deployment/set-up-office-365-groups.md

8. When the wizard is complete, click **Exit** on the **Configuration complete** page.

> 9. Open Active Directory Users and Computers on an Active Directory domain controller and locate the user account that begins with **AAD\_**. Make note of this account's name. You can also locate the user account using [Determine your AD DS Connector Account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-configure-ad-ds-connector-account#determine-your-ad-ds-connector-account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Open Active Directory Users and Computers on an Active Directory domain controller and locate the user account that begins with **AAD\_**. Make note of this account's name. You can also use a PowerShell command to [Determine your AD DS Connector Account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-configure-ad-ds-connector-account#determine-your-ad-ds-connector-account)
```
